COOKBOOK.md, before:

# Cookbook

In an effort to keep axios as light weight as possible, and to avoid a rats nest of code for supporting every possible integration, it is often necessary to say no to feature requests. This doesn't mean that those use cases aren't legitimate, but rather that they are easily supported by augmenting axios with other libraries.

The following are the recipes for some of the commonly requested features.

### Promise.prototype.done

```bash
$ npm install axios promise --save
```

```js
const axios = require('axios');
require('promise/polyfill-done');

axios
  .get('http://www.example.com/user')
  .then((response) => {
    console.log(response.data);
    return response;
  })
  .done();
```

### Promise.prototype.finally

```bash
$ npm install axios promise.prototype.finally --save
```

```js
const axios = require('axios');
require('promise.prototype.finally').shim();

axios
  .get('http://www.example.com/user')
  .then((response) => {
    console.log(response.data);
    return response;
  })
  .finally(() => {
    console.log('this will always be called');
  });
```

### Inflate/Deflate

```bash
$ npm install axios pako --save
```

```js
// client.js
const axios = require('axios');
const pako = require('pako');

const user = {
  firstName: 'Fred',
  lastName: 'Flintstone'
};

const data = pako.deflate(JSON.stringify(user), { to: 'string' });

axios
  .post('http://127.0.0.1:3333/user', data)
  .then((response) => {
    response.data = JSON.parse(pako.inflate(response.data, { to: 'string' }));
    console.log(response.data);
    return response;
  });
```

```js
// server.js
const pako = require('pako');
const http = require('http');
const url = require('url');

const server = http.createServer((req, res) => {
  req.setEncoding('utf8');

  const parsed = url.parse(req.url, true);
  const pathname = parsed.pathname;

  if (pathname === '/user') {
    let data = '';
    req.on('data', (chunk) => {
      data += chunk;
    });

    req.on('end', () => {
      const user = JSON.parse(pako.inflate(data, { to: 'string' }));
      console.log(user);

      res.writeHead(200, {
        'Content-Type': 'application/json'
      });
      res.end(pako.deflate(JSON.stringify({result: 'success'}), { to: 'string' }));
    });
  } else {
    res.writeHead(404);
    res.end(pako.deflate(JSON.stringify({result: 'error'}), { to: 'string' }));
  }
});

server.listen(3333);
```

### JSONP

```bash
$ npm install jsonp --save
```

```js
const jsonp = require('jsonp');

jsonp('http://www.example.com/foo', null, (err, data) => {
  if (err) {
    console.error(err.message);
  } else {
    console.log(data);
  }
});
```

Commit message:

Doc fixes, minor examples cleanup (#2198)
* README.md COOKBOOK.md: minor fixes

 * simplify language

* ECOSYSTEM: create a few categories

* Examples: log port listening to

* upgrade bootstrap 3 -> 4 in examples

bootstrap 4 is slightly smaller then 3.2.0
so it should also help load examples faster

* categorize 0.19 items a little differently

surface user/consumer changes first

COOKBOOK.md, after:

# Cookbook

This cookbook contains recipes for some commonly requested features.

In order to keep axios as lightweight as possible, it is often necessary to say no to feature requests. Many of these use cases can be supported by augmenting axios with other libraries.

### Promise.prototype.done

```bash
$ npm install axios promise --save
```

```js
const axios = require('axios');
require('promise/polyfill-done');

axios
  .get('http://www.example.com/user')
  .then((response) => {
    console.log(response.data);
    return response;
  })
  .done();
```

### Promise.prototype.finally

```bash
$ npm install axios promise.prototype.finally --save
```

```js
const axios = require('axios');
require('promise.prototype.finally').shim();

axios
  .get('http://www.example.com/user')
  .then((response) => {
    console.log(response.data);
    return response;
  })
  .finally(() => {
    console.log('this will always be called');
  });
```

### Inflate/Deflate

```bash
$ npm install axios pako --save
```

```js
// client.js
const axios = require('axios');
const pako = require('pako');

const user = {
  firstName: 'Fred',
  lastName: 'Flintstone'
};

const data = pako.deflate(JSON.stringify(user), { to: 'string' });

axios
  .post('http://127.0.0.1:3333/user', data)
  .then((response) => {
    response.data = JSON.parse(pako.inflate(response.data, { to: 'string' }));
    console.log(response.data);
    return response;
  });
```

```js
// server.js
const pako = require('pako');
const http = require('http');
const url = require('url');

const server = http.createServer((req, res) => {
  req.setEncoding('utf8');

  const parsed = url.parse(req.url, true);
  const pathname = parsed.pathname;

  if (pathname === '/user') {
    let data = '';
    req.on('data', (chunk) => {
      data += chunk;
    });

    req.on('end', () => {
      const user = JSON.parse(pako.inflate(data, { to: 'string' }));
      console.log(user);

      res.writeHead(200, {
        'Content-Type': 'application/json'
      });
      res.end(pako.deflate(JSON.stringify({result: 'success'}), { to: 'string' }));
    });
  } else {
    res.writeHead(404);
    res.end(pako.deflate(JSON.stringify({result: 'error'}), { to: 'string' }));
  }
});

server.listen(3333);
```

### JSONP

```bash
$ npm install jsonp --save
```

```js
const jsonp = require('jsonp');

jsonp('http://www.example.com/foo', null, (err, data) => {
  if (err) {
    console.error(err.message);
  } else {
    console.log(data);
  }
});
```
