README.md, before:

# axios

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/axios.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/axios)
[![build status](https://img.shields.io/travis/mzabriskie/axios.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/mzabriskie/axios)
[![code coverage](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/mzabriskie/axios.svg?style=flat-square)](https://coveralls.io/r/mzabriskie/axios)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/axios.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/axios)
[![dev dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/mzabriskie/axios.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/mzabriskie/axios#info=devDependencies)

Promise based HTTP client for the browser and node.js

## Features

- Make [XMLHttpRequests](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest) from the browser
- Make [http](http://nodejs.org/api/http.html) requests from node.js
- Supports the [Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise) API
- Intercept request and response
- Transform request and response data
- Automatic transforms for JSON data
- Client side support for protecting against [XSRF](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_request_forgery)

## Browser Support

![Chrome](https://raw.github.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/chrome/chrome_48x48.png) | ![Firefox](https://raw.github.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/firefox/firefox_48x48.png) | ![Safari](https://raw.github.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/safari/safari_48x48.png) | ![Opera](https://raw.github.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/opera/opera_48x48.png) | ![Edge](https://raw.github.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/edge/edge_48x48.png) | ![IE](https://raw.github.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/internet-explorer/internet-explorer_48x48.png) |
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
Latest ✔ | Latest ✔ | Latest ✔ | Latest ✔ | Latest ✔ | 8+ ✔ |

[![Browser Matrix](https://saucelabs.com/browser-matrix/axios.svg)](https://saucelabs.com/u/axios)

## Installing

Using bower:

```bash
$ bower install axios
```

Using npm:

```bash
$ npm install axios
```

## Example

Performing a `GET` request

```js
// Make a request for a user with a given ID
axios.get('/user?ID=12345')
  .then(function (response) {
    console.log(response);
  })
  .catch(function (response) {
    console.log(response);
  });

// Optionally the request above could also be done as
axios.get('/user', {
    params: {
      ID: 12345
    }
  })
  .then(function (response) {
    console.log(response);
  })
  .catch(function (response) {
    console.log(response);
  });
```

Performing a `POST` request

```js
axios.post('/user', {
    firstName: 'Fred',
    lastName: 'Flintstone'
  })
  .then(function (response) {
    console.log(response);
  })
  .catch(function (response) {
    console.log(response);
  });
```

Performing multiple concurrent requests

```js
function getUserAccount() {
  return axios.get('/user/12345');
}

function getUserPermissions() {
  return axios.get('/user/12345/permissions');
}

axios.all([getUserAccount(), getUserPermissions()])
  .then(axios.spread(function (acct, perms) {
    // Both requests are now complete
  }));
```

## axios API

Requests can be made by passing the relevant config to `axios`.

##### axios(config)

```js
// Send a POST request
axios({
  method: 'post',
  url: '/user/12345',
  data: {
    firstName: 'Fred',
    lastName: 'Flintstone'
  }
});
```

##### axios(url[, config])

```js
// Sned a GET request (default method)
axios('/user/12345');
```

### Request method aliases

For convenience aliases have been provided for all supported request methods.

##### axios.get(url[, config])
##### axios.delete(url[, config])
##### axios.head(url[, config])
##### axios.post(url[, data[, config]])
##### axios.put(url[, data[, config]])
##### axios.patch(url[, data[, config]])

###### NOTE
When using the alias methods `url`, `method`, and `data` properties don't need to be specified in config.

### Concurrency

Helper functions for dealing with concurrent requests.

##### axios.all(iterable)
##### axios.spread(callback)

### Creating an instance

You can create a new instance of axios with a custom config.

##### axios.create([config])

```js
var instance = axios.create({
  baseURL: 'https://some-domain.com/api/',
  timeout: 1000,
  headers: {'X-Custom-Header': 'foobar'}
});
```

### Instance methods

The available instance methods are listed below. The specified config will be merged with the instance config.

##### axios#request(config)
##### axios#get(url[, config])
##### axios#delete(url[, config])
##### axios#head(url[, config])
##### axios#post(url[, data[, config]])
##### axios#put(url[, data[, config]])
##### axios#patch(url[, data[, config]])

## Request Config

These are the available config options for making requests. Only the `url` is required. Requests will default to `GET` if `method` is not specified.

```js
{
  // `url` is the server URL that will be used for the request
  url: '/user',
  
  // `method` is the request method to be used when making the request
  method: 'get', // default

  // `baseURL` will be prepended to `url` unless `url` is absolute.
  // It can be convenient to set `baseURL` for an instance of axios to pass relative URLs 
  // to methods of that instance.
  baseURL: 'https://some-domain.com/api/',

  // `transformRequest` allows changes to the request data before it is sent to the server
  // This is only applicable for request methods 'PUT', 'POST', and 'PATCH'
  // The last function in the array must return a string or an ArrayBuffer
  transformRequest: [function (data) {
    // Do whatever you want to transform the data

    return data;
  }],

  // `transformResponse` allows changes to the response data to be made before
  // it is passed to then/catch
  transformResponse: [function (data) {
    // Do whatever you want to transform the data

    return data;
  }],

  // `headers` are custom headers to be sent
  headers: {'X-Requested-With': 'XMLHttpRequest'},

  // `param` are the URL parameters to be sent with the request
  params: {
    ID: 12345
  },

  // `paramsSerializer` is an optional function in charge of serializing `params`
  // (e.g. https://www.npmjs.com/package/qs, http://api.jquery.com/jquery.param/)
  paramsSerializer: function(params) {
    return Qs.stringify(params, {arrayFormat: 'brackets'})
  },

  // `data` is the data to be sent as the request body
  // Only applicable for request methods 'PUT', 'POST', and 'PATCH'
  // When no `transformRequest` is set, must be a string, an ArrayBuffer or a hash
  data: {
    firstName: 'Fred'
  },

  // `timeout` specifies the number of milliseconds before the request times out.
  // If the request takes longer than `timeout`, the request will be aborted.
  timeout: 1000,

  // `withCredentials` indicates whether or not cross-site Access-Control requests
  // should be made using credentials
  withCredentials: false, // default

  // `adapter` allows custom handling of requests which makes testing easier.
  // Call `resolve` or `reject` and supply a valid response (see [response docs](#response-api)).
  adapter: function (resolve, reject, config) {
    /* ... */
  },

  // `auth` indicates that HTTP Basic auth should be used, and supplies credentials.
  // This will set an `Authorization` header, overwriting any existing
  // `Authorization` custom headers you have set using `headers`.
  auth: {
    username: 'janedoe',
    password: 's00pers3cret'
  }

  // `responseType` indicates the type of data that the server will respond with
  // options are 'arraybuffer', 'blob', 'document', 'json', 'text'
  responseType: 'json', // default

  // `xsrfCookieName` is the name of the cookie to use as a value for xsrf token
  xsrfCookieName: 'XSRF-TOKEN', // default

  // `xsrfHeaderName` is the name of the http header that carries the xsrf token value
  xsrfHeaderName: 'X-XSRF-TOKEN', // default

  // `progress` allows handling of progress events for 'POST' and 'PUT uploads'
  // as well as 'GET' downloads
  progress: function(progressEvent) {
    // Do whatever you want with the native progress event
  },

  // `http_verbs` contain custom http verbs that are from now on accessible
  // as instance methods of the axios object just like `axios.get()`
  httpVerbs: [
    { name: 'LOCK', with_body: false },
    { name: 'LINK', with_body: true }
  ]
}
```

## Response Schema

The response for a request contains the following information.

```js
{
  // `data` is the response that was provided by the server
  data: {},

  // `status` is the HTTP status code from the server response
  status: 200,

  // `statusText` is the HTTP status message from the server response
  statusText: 'OK',

  // `headers` the headers that the server responded with
  headers: {},

  // `config` is the config that was provided to `axios` for the request
  config: {}
}
```

When using `then` or `catch`, you will receive the response as follows:

```js
axios.get('/user/12345')
  .then(function(response) {
    console.log(response.data);
    console.log(response.status);
    console.log(response.statusText);
    console.log(response.headers);
    console.log(response.config);
});
```

## Config Defaults

You can specify config defaults that will be applied to every request.

### Global axios defaults

```js
axios.defaults.baseURL = 'https://api.example.com';
axios.defaults.headers.common['Authorization'] = AUTH_TOKEN;
axios.defaults.headers.post['Content-Type'] = 'application/x-www-form-urlencoded';
```

### Custom instance defaults

```js
// Set config defaults when creating the instance
var instance = axios.create({
  baseURL: 'https://api.example.com'
});

// Alter defaults after instance has been created
instance.defaults.headers.common['Authorization'] = AUTH_TOKEN;
```

### Config order of precedence

Config will be merged with an order of precedence. The order is library defaults found in `lib/defaults.js`, then `defaults` property of the instance, and finally `config` argument for the request. The latter will take precedence over the former. Here's an example.

```js
// Create an instance using the config defaults provided by the library
// At this point the timeout config value is `0` as is the default for the library
var instance = axios.create();

// Override timeout default for the library
// Now all requests will wait 2.5 seconds before timing out
instance.defaults.timeout = 2500;

// Override timeout for this request as it's known to take a long time
instance.get('/longRequest', {
  timeout: 5000
});
```

## Interceptors

You can intercept requests or responses before they are handled by `then` or `catch`.

```js
// Add a request interceptor
axios.interceptors.request.use(function (config) {
    // Do something before request is sent
    return config;
  }, function (error) {
    // Do something with request error
    return Promise.reject(error);
  });

// Add a response interceptor
axios.interceptors.response.use(function (response) {
    // Do something with response data
    return response;
  }, function (error) {
    // Do something with response error
    return Promise.reject(error);
  });
```

If you may need to remove an interceptor later you can.

```js
var myInterceptor = axios.interceptors.request.use(function () {/*...*/});
axios.interceptors.request.eject(myInterceptor);
```

You can add interceptors to a custom instance of axios.

```js
var instance = axios.create();
instance.interceptors.request.use(function () {/*...*/});
```

If you'd like to expand the instance api with more http methods such as "LINK" then you can configure the using *axios.create*:

```js
var instance = axios.create({
  httpVerbs: [
    { name: 'LINK', with_body: true },
    { name: 'LOCK' }
  ]
});
```

Now the variable __instance__ has the following methods:

- __instance#link(url[, data[, config]])__
- __instance#lock(url[, config])

## Handling Errors

```js
axios.get('/user/12345')
  .catch(function (response) {
    if (response instanceof Error) {
      // Something happened in setting up the request that triggered an Error
      console.log('Error', response.message);
    } else {
      // The request was made, but the server responded with a status code
      // that falls out of the range of 2xx
      console.log(response.data);
      console.log(response.status);
      console.log(response.headers);
      console.log(response.config);
    }
  });
```

## Semver

Until axios reaches a `1.0` release, breaking changes will be released with a new minor version. For example `0.5.1`, and `0.5.4` will have the same API, but `0.6.0` will have breaking changes.

## Promises

axios depends on a native ES6 Promise implementation to be [supported](http://caniuse.com/promises).
If your environment doesn't support ES6 Promises, you can [polyfill](https://github.com/jakearchibald/es6-promise).

## TypeScript
axios includes a [TypeScript](http://typescriptlang.org) definition.
```typescript
/// <reference path="axios.d.ts" />
import axios = require('axios');
axios.get('/user?ID=12345');
```

## Credits

axios is heavily inspired by the [$http service](https://docs.angularjs.org/api/ng/service/$http) provided in [Angular](https://angularjs.org/). Ultimately axios is an effort to provide a standalone `$http`-like service for use outside of Angular.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

move new doc section to request alias section

README.md, after:

# axios

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/axios.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/axios)
[![build status](https://img.shields.io/travis/mzabriskie/axios.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/mzabriskie/axios)
[![code coverage](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/mzabriskie/axios.svg?style=flat-square)](https://coveralls.io/r/mzabriskie/axios)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/axios.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/axios)
[![dev dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/mzabriskie/axios.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/mzabriskie/axios#info=devDependencies)

Promise based HTTP client for the browser and node.js

## Features

- Make [XMLHttpRequests](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest) from the browser
- Make [http](http://nodejs.org/api/http.html) requests from node.js
- Supports the [Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise) API
- Intercept request and response
- Transform request and response data
- Automatic transforms for JSON data
- Client side support for protecting against [XSRF](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_request_forgery)

## Browser Support

![Chrome](https://raw.github.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/chrome/chrome_48x48.png) | ![Firefox](https://raw.github.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/firefox/firefox_48x48.png) | ![Safari](https://raw.github.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/safari/safari_48x48.png) | ![Opera](https://raw.github.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/opera/opera_48x48.png) | ![Edge](https://raw.github.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/edge/edge_48x48.png) | ![IE](https://raw.github.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/internet-explorer/internet-explorer_48x48.png) |
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
Latest ✔ | Latest ✔ | Latest ✔ | Latest ✔ | Latest ✔ | 8+ ✔ |

[![Browser Matrix](https://saucelabs.com/browser-matrix/axios.svg)](https://saucelabs.com/u/axios)

## Installing

Using bower:

```bash
$ bower install axios
```

Using npm:

```bash
$ npm install axios
```

## Example

Performing a `GET` request

```js
// Make a request for a user with a given ID
axios.get('/user?ID=12345')
  .then(function (response) {
    console.log(response);
  })
  .catch(function (response) {
    console.log(response);
  });

// Optionally the request above could also be done as
axios.get('/user', {
    params: {
      ID: 12345
    }
  })
  .then(function (response) {
    console.log(response);
  })
  .catch(function (response) {
    console.log(response);
  });
```

Performing a `POST` request

```js
axios.post('/user', {
    firstName: 'Fred',
    lastName: 'Flintstone'
  })
  .then(function (response) {
    console.log(response);
  })
  .catch(function (response) {
    console.log(response);
  });
```

Performing multiple concurrent requests

```js
function getUserAccount() {
  return axios.get('/user/12345');
}

function getUserPermissions() {
  return axios.get('/user/12345/permissions');
}

axios.all([getUserAccount(), getUserPermissions()])
  .then(axios.spread(function (acct, perms) {
    // Both requests are now complete
  }));
```

## axios API

Requests can be made by passing the relevant config to `axios`.

##### axios(config)

```js
// Send a POST request
axios({
  method: 'post',
  url: '/user/12345',
  data: {
    firstName: 'Fred',
    lastName: 'Flintstone'
  }
});
```

##### axios(url[, config])

```js
// Sned a GET request (default method)
axios('/user/12345');
```

### Request method aliases

For convenience aliases have been provided for all supported request methods.

##### axios.get(url[, config])
##### axios.delete(url[, config])
##### axios.head(url[, config])
##### axios.post(url[, data[, config]])
##### axios.put(url[, data[, config]])
##### axios.patch(url[, data[, config]])

#### Custom method aliases

If you'd like to expand the instance api with more http methods such as "LINK" then you can configure the using *axios.create*:

```js
var instance = axios.create({
  httpVerbs: [
    { name: 'LINK', with_body: true },
    { name: 'LOCK' }
  ]
});
```

Now the variable __instance__ has the following methods including the default alias shown above:

- __instance#link(url[, data[, config]])__
- __instance#lock(url[, config])__

###### NOTE
When using the alias methods `url`, `method`, and `data` properties don't need to be specified in config.

### Concurrency

Helper functions for dealing with concurrent requests.

##### axios.all(iterable)
##### axios.spread(callback)

### Creating an instance

You can create a new instance of axios with a custom config.

##### axios.create([config])

```js
var instance = axios.create({
  baseURL: 'https://some-domain.com/api/',
  timeout: 1000,
  headers: {'X-Custom-Header': 'foobar'}
});
```

### Instance methods

The available instance methods are listed below. The specified config will be merged with the instance config.

##### axios#request(config)
##### axios#get(url[, config])
##### axios#delete(url[, config])
##### axios#head(url[, config])
##### axios#post(url[, data[, config]])
##### axios#put(url[, data[, config]])
##### axios#patch(url[, data[, config]])

## Request Config

These are the available config options for making requests. Only the `url` is required. Requests will default to `GET` if `method` is not specified.

```js
{
  // `url` is the server URL that will be used for the request
  url: '/user',
  
  // `method` is the request method to be used when making the request
  method: 'get', // default

  // `baseURL` will be prepended to `url` unless `url` is absolute.
  // It can be convenient to set `baseURL` for an instance of axios to pass relative URLs 
  // to methods of that instance.
  baseURL: 'https://some-domain.com/api/',

  // `transformRequest` allows changes to the request data before it is sent to the server
  // This is only applicable for request methods 'PUT', 'POST', and 'PATCH'
  // The last function in the array must return a string or an ArrayBuffer
  transformRequest: [function (data) {
    // Do whatever you want to transform the data

    return data;
  }],

  // `transformResponse` allows changes to the response data to be made before
  // it is passed to then/catch
  transformResponse: [function (data) {
    // Do whatever you want to transform the data

    return data;
  }],

  // `headers` are custom headers to be sent
  headers: {'X-Requested-With': 'XMLHttpRequest'},

  // `param` are the URL parameters to be sent with the request
  params: {
    ID: 12345
  },

  // `paramsSerializer` is an optional function in charge of serializing `params`
  // (e.g. https://www.npmjs.com/package/qs, http://api.jquery.com/jquery.param/)
  paramsSerializer: function(params) {
    return Qs.stringify(params, {arrayFormat: 'brackets'})
  },

  // `data` is the data to be sent as the request body
  // Only applicable for request methods 'PUT', 'POST', and 'PATCH'
  // When no `transformRequest` is set, must be a string, an ArrayBuffer or a hash
  data: {
    firstName: 'Fred'
  },

  // `timeout` specifies the number of milliseconds before the request times out.
  // If the request takes longer than `timeout`, the request will be aborted.
  timeout: 1000,

  // `withCredentials` indicates whether or not cross-site Access-Control requests
  // should be made using credentials
  withCredentials: false, // default

  // `adapter` allows custom handling of requests which makes testing easier.
  // Call `resolve` or `reject` and supply a valid response (see [response docs](#response-api)).
  adapter: function (resolve, reject, config) {
    /* ... */
  },

  // `auth` indicates that HTTP Basic auth should be used, and supplies credentials.
  // This will set an `Authorization` header, overwriting any existing
  // `Authorization` custom headers you have set using `headers`.
  auth: {
    username: 'janedoe',
    password: 's00pers3cret'
  }

  // `responseType` indicates the type of data that the server will respond with
  // options are 'arraybuffer', 'blob', 'document', 'json', 'text'
  responseType: 'json', // default

  // `xsrfCookieName` is the name of the cookie to use as a value for xsrf token
  xsrfCookieName: 'XSRF-TOKEN', // default

  // `xsrfHeaderName` is the name of the http header that carries the xsrf token value
  xsrfHeaderName: 'X-XSRF-TOKEN', // default

  // `progress` allows handling of progress events for 'POST' and 'PUT uploads'
  // as well as 'GET' downloads
  progress: function(progressEvent) {
    // Do whatever you want with the native progress event
  },

  // `http_verbs` contain custom http verbs that are from now on accessible
  // as instance methods of the axios object just like `axios.get()`
  httpVerbs: [
    { name: 'LOCK', with_body: false },
    { name: 'LINK', with_body: true }
  ]
}
```

## Response Schema

The response for a request contains the following information.

```js
{
  // `data` is the response that was provided by the server
  data: {},

  // `status` is the HTTP status code from the server response
  status: 200,

  // `statusText` is the HTTP status message from the server response
  statusText: 'OK',

  // `headers` the headers that the server responded with
  headers: {},

  // `config` is the config that was provided to `axios` for the request
  config: {}
}
```

When using `then` or `catch`, you will receive the response as follows:

```js
axios.get('/user/12345')
  .then(function(response) {
    console.log(response.data);
    console.log(response.status);
    console.log(response.statusText);
    console.log(response.headers);
    console.log(response.config);
});
```

## Config Defaults

You can specify config defaults that will be applied to every request.

### Global axios defaults

```js
axios.defaults.baseURL = 'https://api.example.com';
axios.defaults.headers.common['Authorization'] = AUTH_TOKEN;
axios.defaults.headers.post['Content-Type'] = 'application/x-www-form-urlencoded';
```

### Custom instance defaults

```js
// Set config defaults when creating the instance
var instance = axios.create({
  baseURL: 'https://api.example.com'
});

// Alter defaults after instance has been created
instance.defaults.headers.common['Authorization'] = AUTH_TOKEN;
```

### Config order of precedence

Config will be merged with an order of precedence. The order is library defaults found in `lib/defaults.js`, then `defaults` property of the instance, and finally `config` argument for the request. The latter will take precedence over the former. Here's an example.

```js
// Create an instance using the config defaults provided by the library
// At this point the timeout config value is `0` as is the default for the library
var instance = axios.create();

// Override timeout default for the library
// Now all requests will wait 2.5 seconds before timing out
instance.defaults.timeout = 2500;

// Override timeout for this request as it's known to take a long time
instance.get('/longRequest', {
  timeout: 5000
});
```

## Interceptors

You can intercept requests or responses before they are handled by `then` or `catch`.

```js
// Add a request interceptor
axios.interceptors.request.use(function (config) {
    // Do something before request is sent
    return config;
  }, function (error) {
    // Do something with request error
    return Promise.reject(error);
  });

// Add a response interceptor
axios.interceptors.response.use(function (response) {
    // Do something with response data
    return response;
  }, function (error) {
    // Do something with response error
    return Promise.reject(error);
  });
```

If you may need to remove an interceptor later you can.

```js
var myInterceptor = axios.interceptors.request.use(function () {/*...*/});
axios.interceptors.request.eject(myInterceptor);
```

You can add interceptors to a custom instance of axios.

```js
var instance = axios.create();
instance.interceptors.request.use(function () {/*...*/});
```

## Handling Errors

```js
axios.get('/user/12345')
  .catch(function (response) {
    if (response instanceof Error) {
      // Something happened in setting up the request that triggered an Error
      console.log('Error', response.message);
    } else {
      // The request was made, but the server responded with a status code
      // that falls out of the range of 2xx
      console.log(response.data);
      console.log(response.status);
      console.log(response.headers);
      console.log(response.config);
    }
  });
```

## Semver

Until axios reaches a `1.0` release, breaking changes will be released with a new minor version. For example `0.5.1`, and `0.5.4` will have the same API, but `0.6.0` will have breaking changes.

## Promises

axios depends on a native ES6 Promise implementation to be [supported](http://caniuse.com/promises).
If your environment doesn't support ES6 Promises, you can [polyfill](https://github.com/jakearchibald/es6-promise).

## TypeScript
axios includes a [TypeScript](http://typescriptlang.org) definition.
```typescript
/// <reference path="axios.d.ts" />
import axios = require('axios');
axios.get('/user?ID=12345');
```

## Credits

axios is heavily inspired by the [$http service](https://docs.angularjs.org/api/ng/service/$http) provided in [Angular](https://angularjs.org/). Ultimately axios is an effort to provide a standalone `$http`-like service for use outside of Angular.

## License

MIT
