.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/---bug-report.md, before:

---
name: "\U0001F41E Bug Report"
about: Report a reproducible bug
title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

<!-- Click "Preview" for a more readable version --

Please read and follow the instructions before submitting an issue:

- Read all our documentation, especially the [README](https://github.com/axios/axios/blob/master/README.md). It may contain information that helps you solve your issue.
- Ensure your issue isn't already [reported](https://github.com/axios/axios/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue).
- If you aren't sure that the issue is caused by Axios or you just need help, please use [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/axios) or [our chat](https://gitter.im/mzabriskie/axios).
- If you're reporting a bug, ensure it isn't already fixed in the latest Axios version.

⚠️👆 Feel free to these instructions before submitting the issue 👆⚠️
-->

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is. **If your problem is not a bug, please file under Support or Usage Question**

**To Reproduce**
Code snippet to reproduce, ideally that will work by pasting into something like https://npm.runkit.com/axios, a hosted solution, or a repository that illustrates the issue. **If your problem is not reproducible, please file under Support or Usage Question**

```js
// Example code here
```

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Environment:**
 - Axios Version [e.g. 0.18.0]
 - OS: [e.g. iOS 12.1.0, OSX 10.13.4]
 - Browser [e.g. Chrome, Safari]
 - Browser Version [e.g. 22]
 - Additional Library Versions [e.g. React 16.7, React Native 0.58.0]

**Additional context/Screenshots**
Add any other context about the problem here. If applicable, add screenshots to help explain.

Commit message:

Add GitHub actions to close invalid issues (#3022)
* add close actions

* fix with checkout

* update issue templates

* add reminder

* update close message

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/---bug-report.md, after:

---
name: "\U0001F41E Bug Report"
about: Report a reproducible bug
title: ''
labels: 'status:possible bug'
assignees: ''

---

<!-- Click "Preview" for a more readable version --

Please read and follow the instructions before submitting an issue:

- Read all our documentation, especially the [README](https://github.com/axios/axios/blob/master/README.md). It may contain information that helps you solve your issue.
- Ensure your issue isn't already [reported](https://github.com/axios/axios/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue).
- If you aren't sure that the issue is caused by Axios or you just need help, please use [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/axios) or [our chat](https://gitter.im/mzabriskie/axios).
- If you're reporting a bug, ensure it isn't already fixed in the latest Axios version.
- Don't remove any title of the issue template, or it will be treated as invalid by the bot.

⚠️👆 Feel free to these instructions before submitting the issue 👆⚠️
-->

#### Describe the bug
A clear and concise description of what the bug is. **If your problem is not a bug, please file under Support or Usage Question**

#### To Reproduce
Code snippet to reproduce, ideally that will work by pasting into something like https://npm.runkit.com/axios, a hosted solution, or a repository that illustrates the issue. **If your problem is not reproducible, please file under Support or Usage Question**

```js
// Example code here
```

#### Expected behavior
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

#### Environment
 - Axios Version [e.g. 0.18.0]
 - Adapter [e.g. XHR/HTTP]
 - Browser [e.g. Chrome, Safari]
 - Browser Version [e.g. 22]
 - Node.js Version [e.g. 13.0.1]
 - OS: [e.g. iOS 12.1.0, OSX 10.13.4]
 - Additional Library Versions [e.g. React 16.7, React Native 0.58.0]

#### Additional context/Screenshots
Add any other context about the problem here. If applicable, add screenshots to help explain.
